blender/README.md, before:

# Blender related tips and tricks

## Cut an object in two
Bisect tool can be used to cut an object from a line in Blender
- Select the object to split
- Enter _Edit/Object Mode_
- Select the **Bisect** tool, it's in the same menu of the knife object
    - Click and hold the Knife tool to open the drop-down menu for the Bisect tool
- Left click and drag to create a line where you want to cut the object
    - As a tedious alternative it's still possible to carefully pick each single vertex for a more clean cut.
        You can follow precise lines or even customize the whole process, take your time with it.
        It's basically the same as editing and selecting faces individually (with bisect selected)
- Menu **Vertex/Rip Vertices** or press **_V_** to cut
- Right click, then select Select Loops, then select Loop Inner Region
- Press 'p' to open the Separate menu, then click Selection 

Here are few nice examples for it:
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYYkdNhfMhw
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVOYv8HdMxI



## Select loops - Edge Loops

Commit message:

bisect tool for mere mortals and pratical usage on 3d Prints

blender/README.md, after:

# Blender related tips and tricks

## Cut an object in two
Bisect tool can be used to cut an object from a line in Blender
- Select the object to split
- Enter _Edit/Object Mode_
- Select the **Bisect** tool, it's in the same menu of the knife object
    - Click and hold the Knife tool to open the drop-down menu for the Bisect tool
- Left click and drag to create a line where you want to cut the object
    - As a tedious alternative it's still possible to carefully pick each single vertex for a more clean cut.
        You can follow precise lines or even customize the whole process, take your time with it.
        It's basically the same as editing and selecting faces individually (with bisect selected)
- Menu **Vertex/Rip Vertices** or press **_V_** to cut
- Right click, then select Select Loops, then select Loop Inner Region
- Press 'p' to open the Separate menu, then click Selection 

Here are few nice examples for it:
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYYkdNhfMhw
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVOYv8HdMxI

But this is the best video ever made for it, it does **NOT** use knife or bisect tools and instead it's focused
on using planes objects or thin cubes. You can bisect your object according to your needs and let it be ready
for physical printing and assembling later on:
- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5at2x0CcX8
